add banners settings doc (#94672)
elastic/kibana: docs/settings/banners-settings.asciidoc

[role="xpack"]
[[banners-settings-kb]]
=== Banners settings in {kib}
++++
<titleabbrev>Banners settings</titleabbrev>
++++

Banners are disabled by default. You need to manually configure them in order to use the feature.

You can configure the `xpack.banners` settings in your `kibana.yml` file.

[[general-banners-settings-kb]]
==== General banners settings

[cols="2*<"]
|===

| `xpack.banners.placement`

> | Set to `header` to enable the header banner. Defaults to `disabled`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Set to `header` to enable the header banner. Defaults to `disabled`.
```

| `xpack.banners.textContent`

> | The text content that will be displayed inside the banner, either plain text or markdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The text to display inside the banner, either plain text or Markdown.
```

| `xpack.banners.textColor`

> | The color for the banner's text. Defaults to `#8A6A0A`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The color for the banner text. Defaults to `#8A6A0A`.
```

| `xpack.banners.backgroundColor`

> | The color of the banner's background. Defaults to `#FFF9E8`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The color of the banner background. Defaults to `#FFF9E8`.
```

|===

[NOTE]
====

> The `banners` plugin requires a Gold or higher license to be enabled. If the

Reviewer: we typically don't refer to licenses in the docs.  Instead, use:

The `banners` plugin is a subscription feature.  

Like "subscription feature" to https://www.elastic.co/subscriptions

Reviewer: You'll also need to add "banners" to the subscriptions page, since I don't get a hit when I search there at the moment.
